# 2.1 - 控制队伍规模

When I transitioned from supporting a team to supporting an organization, I started to encounter a new category of problems that I had never thought about. How many teams should we have? Should we create a new team for this initiative, or ask an existing team to take it on? What is the boundary between these two teams?

These questions were the gateway to the obscure art of organizational design. As I’ve gotten more exposure, I’ve come to believe that the fundamental challenge of organizational design is sizing teams. You’ll find yourself sizing teams during reorganizations,1 to accommodate growth from hiring, and when considering how to support new projects. It’ll be an unusual month that you won’t consider some aspect of team design.

While I’m skeptical that there exists a unified law of team sizing, I have iterated my requirements onto a useful framework that solves the majority of cases I encounter. That framework has in turn led to a standard playbook. Both are short, opinionated, and hopefully useful!

The guiding principles I use for sizing teams are:

### Managers should support six to eight engineers

This gives them enough time for active coaching, coordinating, and furthering their team’s mission by writing strategies,2 leading change,3 and so on.

**Tech Lead Managers \(TLMs\).** Managers supporting fewer than four engineers tend to function as TLMs, taking on a share of design and implementation work. For some folks this role can uniquely leverage their strengths, but it’s a role with limited career opportunities. To progress as a manager, they’ll want more time to focus on developing their management skills. Alternatively, to progress toward staff engineering roles, they’ll find it difficult to spend enough time on the technical details.

**Coaches.** Managers supporting more than eight or nine engineers typically act as coaches and safety nets for problems. They are too busy to actively invest in their team or their team’s area of responsibility. It’s reasonable to ask managers to support larger teams during the transition to a more stable configuration, but it is a bad status quo.

### Managers-of-managers should support four to six managers

This gives them enough time to coach, to align with stakeholders, and to do a reasonable amount of investment in their organization. On the other hand, it will also keep them busy enough that they won’t be tempted to create work for their team.

**Ramping up.** Managers supporting fewer than four other managers should be in a period of active learning on either the problem domain or on transitioning from supporting engineers to supporting managers. In the steady state, this can lead to folks feeling underutilized, or being tempted to meddle in daily operations.

**Coaches.** Similar to supporting a large team of engineers, supporting a large team of managers leaves you functioning purely as a problem-solving coach.”



